Previously
on "Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V"...
(announcer)
Shay's aerial onslaught
has wiped all of Sora's
monsters off his field!
Can Sora do anything
to get back into this game?
Now you know what it's like
to be helpless like we were.
Helpless as you
and your fusion friends
launched a surprise
attack on our home.
You were no match for us
when we attacked you
and you're no match
for me now!
I Fusion Summon!
Come on out, my mighty mash‐up,
Frightfur Chimera!
Attack Blaze Falcon!
Go Rank Up
Xyz Evolution!
Emerge,
Raidraptor Revolution Falcon!
Watch him closely,
Riley.
He might be the key to
helping us save our world.
Huh?
Go
Revolution Falcon!
Torch the
enemy!
We have a winner!
This duel goes
to Shay!
I can't lose...
Not to
an Xyz Summoner!
I want a
rematch!
Don't go!
(Yuya)
Sora!
♪
♪ Hey hey ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action
Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
(go) any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance
Go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards
if you'll pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
Let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel
Go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ Go go go go! ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
(moaning softly)
Poor Sora.
He's gonna
be okay.
If you're going
to need fixing,
this is the place
you want to be.
I know‐‐
It was so scary.
After all,
it's not every day someone gets
injured in a duel for real.
And it's all
Shay's fault.
Sir, Sora Perse is
currently being treated
at the Leo Institute
medical facility.
The injuries that he sustained
were significant,
but he
should recover.
That's good.
Because I need
little Sora well.
I have so many questions
about Duel Academy
that I need
answered.
When he mends,
I want you
to bring him here.
Yes.
And bring me his Duel Disk,
as well.
Now
leave me.
Yes, sir.
(Skip) Yoko and I ought
to get the younger kids home.
We'll catch up
with you later.
So what's
your take?
Huh?
On Shay taking down
the Leo Institute
and then dueling
for them?
It's like he did a total 180
and nobody batted an eye.
So weird.
I know.
I wish I knew
what was going on.
First, Julia hunts Shay down
to take him out,
and then,
she's cool with him.
Those two being teammates
doesn't add up at all.
That's crazy.
And Gong don't
like crazy.
Yeah, and that's not
even the half of it.
Shay's friend Yuto told me
something even crazier.
We have enemies,
Zuzu.
And a friend of ours
was taken by them.
My colleague and I will stop
at nothing to get her back.
How does attacking
a duel school
have anything to do
with getting a friend back?
(Zuzu) I don't know,
but he was dead serious.
This is like
a giant jigsaw puzzle,
but we're missin'
pieces!
And Gong don't like
missin' pieces.
When Gong gets stuck,
Gong likes to take a step back.
So what are the facts?
For one, this Yuto guy
looks like me.
And whenever I show up, your
bracelet glows and he vanishes.
Say what?
Oh!
It's true‐‐
For whatever reason,
whenever this thing turns on,
he always takes off.
And Yuya's right.
He and Yuto have a resemblance
that's absolutely uncanny!
So Yuya's got a twin
look‐alike that can do magic
tricks?
What else is there?
What else do we know that can
fill the missing pieces?
Well,
maybe it's nothing
but Yuto did say
something else to me.
Nothing
could be something!
So go on and tell us
what he said.
Yuto said Fusion's
the way of their enemy?
That's right.
Then that must be
why Shay went bonkers
in his duel
against Sora.
I bet he's thinking
Sora's the enemy
because he uses
Fusion cards.
You don't think Sora's
a bad guy, do ya?
Well, in that duel
with Shay,
we saw a side of our friend
we've never seen before.
So if Sora is mixed up
in all this,
then he must have some kind
of connection to Shay and Yuto
that we don't
know about.
Huh?
Poor Shay!
Still thinking
you have a chance.
Well, here's
a reality check!
You're going
to lose.
It's the one thing
you're good at.
Isn't that right,
Shay?
You were no match for us
when we attacked you,
and you're no match
for me now!
There's definitely some
history between those two.
But Zuzu, if you know
anything else, anything,
now's the time.
Uh...
Yuya?
Tell me, Sora.
You!
Tell me
where Lulu is.
(Gong) So let Gong
get this straight.
Shay's sister is one of the
friends they're trying to
save?
That's what Yuto
told me.
Then that means they must think
Sora knows where she is.
That certainly explains
why they targeted him.
And if it's true, they won't
let up until she's safe.
I don't know a Lulu!
So just beat it,
would ya?
No, I'm not going anywhere
without answers.
Answers, huh?
Fine,
how's this?
If she's one of
your Xyz buddies,
you'll never
see her again.
And why is that?
Because there would be
no way to get her back!
It doesn't work
that way with us!
Oh!
Now tell me
where he is!
Who do you mean?
Shay Obsidian!
After all, I have a score
to settle with him!
Now,
give him up!
There's no score left
to be settled.
He already beat you.
That was luck!
No Xyz Summoner
could truly beat me!
So...
Tell me where he is right now
and we'll duel again!
I'll prove
that I'm better!
Just you wait.
I'll prove it
to everyone!
(man)
What's going on in there?
Visiting hours
are over!
How'd you
get in here?
Wait up!
Now just calm down...
No!
(punches landing,
grunting)
(guard) Hurry up!
We've gotta find him!
He must be here
somewhere!
Yeah, but where?
We've looked all over!
Wonder what's
going on?
He must have made
his way outside, sir!
Let's split up
and check the grounds.
I'll contact headquarters
and request back‐up.
Sir, I've dispatched
all of our units.
They're canvassing
the entire city.
We'll find
Sora Perse.
No,
Claude.
We're in the middle
of a tournament.
Call back
all our people.
But sir,
if we lose Sora‐‐
We won't‐‐ we'll use
our security cameras.
He won't be able
to hide from those.
Meet me
in the control room.
(Zuzu)
My dad said he'd
be here soon.
(Gong)
Sora's still hurt.
We gotta find
him quick.
Probably best for us
to split up.
Gong will head
to the docks.
(Yuya)
I'll check
the east side of town!
I'll check out
the west!
Location?
The City Park.
Send our people there
immediately.
Hold on!
Now move the camera in the
direction that Sora is looking.
Who's that?
Enough
of these games!
Where is Shay?
Is that...
Yuya?
It is!
(Shay)
No.
He's known as Yuto.
Who's Yuto?
The one who
will save us all.
♪
It's funny...
I had my suspicions there
were two duelists out there,
targeting
Leo Institute students.
So it's you
and this Yuto fellow.
I still can't
get over it.
Yuto looks almost
identical to Yuya.
(breathing heavily)
For the last time...
bring me Shay!
What would be
the point?
We both know that you're
no match for him.
Wrong!
It's him who'd be
no match for me!
He could never beat
metwice in a row!
See, we're the ones who
hunt down you Xyz Summoners,
not the other
way around!
That's right!
You and Shay...
And this Lulu person
you're looking for...
You're nothing more than an
annoying speck to my people.
And if you don't
believe me,
I'll be happy to prove it
right here and now...
By beating you!
That's what you get
for not giving up Shay.
And I'd accept
if I were you,
'cause even though I'm foggy
about this friend Lulu of yours,
if my people
do have her...
Well, guess what?
There'd be
only one way
for you to ever get her back
safe and sound!
Tell me!
Finally, we're
getting somewhere!
By taking us down one
by one, starting with me.
But let's be real.
The only one that's
gonna be taken down is you!
No, don't go!
Why?
Because...
We have a deal and I need you
focused on the tournament.
Your personal problems
must come second.
You have to think
about the bigger picture.
Remember, Shay.
This tournament will help me
find duelists skilled enough
to face my father,
Leo Akaba.
So, please.
Leave this duel
to Yuto.
So you really don't want
to bring me Shay?
Well, fine then.
I could totally use a little
warming up before I crush him!
I'll beat you,
then after I do,
I'll take down Shay and every
other Xyz Summoner around!
Not happening.
I'm going
to rescue Lulu...
And it starts
right here!
Let's Duel!
I'll draw first!
So
here goes!
I summon the sharply tipped
Edge Imp Tomahawk!
Now those blades will beeline
it to your life points!
'Cause by sending one
Edge Imp monster in my hand
to the
graveyard,
your life points
are cut down by 800!
Huh!
Ha‐‐ And there's a lot more
where that came from!
But that'll do
for now.
Looks like Sora is off
to a strong start.
Not strong
enough.
With all
that's at stake,
there's no way Yuto
will lose this duel.
Huh?!
Watch this closely.
(groaning)
Regretting this?
If you want out,
just call up Shay,
and I'll let him take your
place for the rest of the duel!
No chance‐‐
I draw!
I summon The Phantom Knights
of Ancient Cloak!
Ha!
The best you can do
is summon a monster
with only 800
attack points?
But then again, I don't
know why I'm so surprised.
I shouldn't expect more
from an Xyz Summoner.
Prepare for
the unexpected then.
You see, my Knights
don't fight alone.
When a Level 3 Phantom Knight
is on my field
I can summon The Phantom
Knights Of Silent Boots!
Okay,
I get it.
You got two monsters
with the same Level.
So you're gonna
Xyz Summon.
I overlay Level 3 The Phantom
Knights of Ancient Cloak
and The Phantom Knights
of Silent Boots!
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon The Phantom
Knights of Break Sword!
Rise,
my mighty beast!
(horse neighs)
Awesome!
I can't wait 'til
I get to destroy it!
Sorry to disappoint, but
that's not going to happen.
Now Break Sword!
Cut down
Edge Imp Tomahawk!
(horse neighs)
I now place two cards
facedown and end my turn.
(chuckles)
Aw...
After all of that buildup,
that's all you could do?
Pretty lame
if you ask me!
Zuzu, come in!
I've looked all over for
Sora, but so far nothing!
Yeah, I haven't had
any luck either.
What gives?
Where could Sora
have gone to?
I dunno but we can't stop
looking 'til we find him!
So...
You busted out
an Xyz Summon.
Well, I guess it's time
for me to show you
what
real summoning's like!
Here goes!
I'm activating this sweet
spell card Polymerization!
With it, I'll fuse
my Fluffal Bear...
with
Edge Imp Sabers !
Edge of sharpness
and fury of bear!
When the two come together,
you had better beware!
I Fusion Summon!
Here it
comes!
It's the most unbearable
monster you've ever seen.
It truly is a cut
above the rest!
Frightfur Bear!
Sora?
Ah!
What in the world?
He looks
just like me!
(Yuya) It's gotta be
that guy Yuto.
Weird.
Frightfur Bear!
Get set
to do some pounding!
Now,
attack!
Take out Break Sword
with Pummeling Paw!
Thank you
for that!
It was exactly
what I needed!
Because now Break Sword's
special ability activates,
letting me bring back
the monsters
that I used
to summon it
but they're now
Level 4!
Do you get it now,
Sora?
Strike down my monsters
and they will rise!
Just like the Resistance
will rise over you
and your
Fusion punks!
Man, Zuzu
was right!
He really doesn't like
Fusion summoners.
Now thanks to Frightfur
bear's special ability,
it can devour the monster
it just destroyed!
(burping loudly)
And then that monster's attack
points are immediately added
onto Frightfur Bear's!
Guess
you were wrong,
because it looks to me like the
only thing rising around here
is my Frightfur Bear's
power!
So go ahead,
Xyz Summon again!
Frightfur Bear will just
chomp your monster up
and gain
its attack points anyway.
I can't wait to see
what you're planning
so hurry up
and show me!
Okay,
then I draw!
First things first.
I overlay Level 4
The Phantom Knights of
Ancient Cloak and Silent Boots!
Ha‐‐ You're really
gonna do it again?
Cloaked in shadows and
relentless in its objective,
I call upon the most
dangerous of Dragons!
I Xyz Summon!
Uh!
Dark Rebellion
Xyz Dragon!
An Xyz Dragon?!
This just
got real!
Say, what's the point of
you bringing out a monster
that's totally weaker
than my Frightfur Bear?
My monster's
so strong,
it'll pummel your Dragon
into smithereens.
Dark Rebellion Dragon's
ability is the point.
By using
one Overlay Unit,
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon's
special ability activates!
Now until the end
of this turn,
the attack points of your
Frightfur Bear are cut in half!
Then Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon
gains those attack points.
Uh‐oh, if he goes and uses
its last Overlay Unit,
his Dragon
will steal half
of Frightfur Bear's attack
points again.
Yuto has this
in the bag!
All he has to do is use that
Overlay Unit and Sora will lose!
Now I attack!
What?!
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon,
take down Frightfur Bear!
Mauling
Mandible Charge!
(Sora wails)
This is just like when Shay
battled those Leo students.
That attack was real!
(gasps)
With that,
I end my turn.
And Dark Rebellion Xyz
Dragon's attack points return
to normal.
Sora!
What's this?
Yuya Sakaki.
Are you okay,
Sora?
Go away!
This doesn't
concern you, Yuya!
It does now!
You shouldn't be dueling
in your condition, Sora.
You should be resting back
at the hospital!
That punk...
He could have beat me,
but he didn't.
But now...
He'll regret it!
Gotta show him...
That I'm better
than him!
No way, Sora!
You're done!
I'm not letting you
go on like this!
Back off!
I'm staying right here
until I beat him!
I'm sorry, Yuya, but you
can't possibly understand
that I have something
to prove!
Look,
Sora‐‐
Just prove it
later.
There'll be
a next time.
No,
there won't be.
In a battle like this,
there is no next time!
Sora is right.
But
I am merciful.
I do not wish
to fight.
So if Sora
surrenders,
this can be settled without
any further suffering.
Now lay down
your Duel Disk
and tell me
what I want to know
or I'll be forced
to make sure
this is the last duel
you ever have.
What does that mean?
What do you mean this'll be
the last duel he ever has?
Listen up.
You and Shay have been
going after Sora
and it's gotta stop
here and now!
We didn't start
this fight‐‐ They did!
None of this
would have happened
if they didn't attack us
and take Lulu.
Lulu?
Now,
if you're smart,
you will leave and
let us finish this.
After all, this is
not your battle.
And believe me, you don't
want to become a part of it.
I won't leave!
And I won't let you
hurt my friend
any more than
you already have!
Which is why I'm joining
this duel!
♪